hey guys adventure and even playing
Restonic are for the Sega Saturn and
this game is brought to you by game
anyone calm this is the final part so
I'm just gonna say I'm just gonna say
goodbye I really want you to get
someone's gonna be playing because I
like the song so yeah I'll see after the
race and I'll talk to you then
okay so know that the race is over I
just want to say a few quick things and
then I'll let you go and let you watch
the credits it's important to avoid most
of the shortcuts in that level just
because if you have like 50 rings and
you go to the first one the second one
you can just do right off the bat it's
not bad but if you go to the first one
50 rings and open it and then like you
try to go on the zip line then you'll
like you won't be able to keep going cuz
you need the more rings you have the
further you go on the zip lines but if
you have no rings of door from opening
the door then you won't be able to get
very far but the other players will be
able to get far so yeah just avoid that
and yeah thanks for watching bye
you